DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/php-agent/configuration/name-your-php-application.mdx

  - Agents
  - PHP agent
  - Configuration

> metaDescription: 'For the APM PHP agent, how to name or rename the application''s name as it''s displayed in New Relic.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: For the APM PHP agent, how to name or rename the application''s name as it''s displayed in New Relic.
```
